com/example/hotspot/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/hotspot/Partida.java
 com.example.hotspot.Partida
com/example/hotspot/databinding/TableroCreableBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.TableroCreableBinding
com/example/hotspot/databinding/ActivityTraerJuegosBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.ActivityTraerJuegosBinding
com/example/hotspot/Serializable.java
 com.example.hotspot.Serializable
com/example/hotspot/Cargando.java
 com.example.hotspot.Cargando
com/example/hotspot/servicioMensajes.java
 com.example.hotspot.servicioMensajes
com/example/hotspot/MainActivity2.java
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$1
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$2
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$3
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$4
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$5
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$ClientClass
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$SendReceive
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$ServerClass
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity2$Write
com/example/hotspot/ClientClass.java
 com.example.hotspot.ClientClass
 com.example.hotspot.ClientClass$1
com/example/hotspot/Controlador.java
 com.example.hotspot.Controlador
com/example/hotspot/Serializador.java
 com.example.hotspot.Serializador
com/example/hotspot/Casillero.java
 com.example.hotspot.Casillero
com/example/hotspot/mensajeCallback.java
 com.example.hotspot.mensajeCallback
com/example/hotspot/Mensaje.java
 com.example.hotspot.Mensaje
com/example/hotspot/ThreadedEchoServer.java
 com.example.hotspot.ThreadedEchoServer
 com.example.hotspot.ThreadedEchoServer$1
com/example/hotspot/DataManagerCategoria.java
 com.example.hotspot.DataManagerCategoria
 com.example.hotspot.DataManagerCategoria$1
com/example/hotspot/CrearTablero.java
 com.example.hotspot.CrearTablero
 com.example.hotspot.CrearTablero$1
com/example/hotspot/Tarjeta.java
 com.example.hotspot.Tarjeta
com/example/hotspot/DataManager.java
 com.example.hotspot.DataManager
com/example/hotspot/onTraerDatosListener.java
 com.example.hotspot.onTraerDatosListener
com/example/hotspot/Write.java
 com.example.hotspot.Write
com/example/hotspot/databinding/ContentCargandoBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.ContentCargandoBinding
com/example/hotspot/Jugar.java
 com.example.hotspot.Jugar
com/example/hotspot/databinding/ActivityCargandoBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.ActivityCargandoBinding
com/example/hotspot/onTraerDatoListener.java
 com.example.hotspot.onTraerDatoListener
com/example/hotspot/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/example/hotspot/Moderador.java
 com.example.hotspot.Moderador
com/example/hotspot/SendReceive.java
 com.example.hotspot.SendReceive
com/example/hotspot/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.hotspot.BuildConfig
com/example/hotspot/TraerJuegos.java
 com.example.hotspot.TraerJuegos
 com.example.hotspot.TraerJuegos$1
 com.example.hotspot.TraerJuegos$2
 com.example.hotspot.TraerJuegos$3
 com.example.hotspot.TraerJuegos$3$1
 com.example.hotspot.TraerJuegos$4
com/example/hotspot/Equipo.java
 com.example.hotspot.Equipo
com/example/hotspot/Color.java
 com.example.hotspot.Color
com/example/hotspot/DataManagerPlantillas.java
 com.example.hotspot.DataManagerPlantillas
 com.example.hotspot.DataManagerPlantillas$1
 com.example.hotspot.DataManagerPlantillas$1$1
com/example/hotspot/databinding/TableroBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.TableroBinding
com/example/hotspot/GameContext.java
 com.example.hotspot.GameContext
com/example/hotspot/conectarCallback.java
 com.example.hotspot.conectarCallback
com/example/hotspot/Juego.java
 com.example.hotspot.Juego
com/example/hotspot/Plantilla.java
 com.example.hotspot.Plantilla
com/example/hotspot/PlantillaBuilder.java
 com.example.hotspot.PlantillaBuilder
com/example/hotspot/MainActivity.java
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity$1
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity$2
 com.example.hotspot.MainActivity$3
com/example/hotspot/Personaje.java
 com.example.hotspot.Personaje
com/example/hotspot/ServicioJuego.java
 com.example.hotspot.ServicioJuego
 com.example.hotspot.ServicioJuego$1
 com.example.hotspot.ServicioJuego$1$1
 com.example.hotspot.ServicioJuego$1$2
com/example/hotspot/databinding/ActivityJugarBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.ActivityJugarBinding
com/example/hotspot/Categoria.java
 com.example.hotspot.Categoria
com/example/hotspot/databinding/ContentTraerJuegosBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.ContentTraerJuegosBinding
com/example/hotspot/databinding/CargandoBinding.java
 com.example.hotspot.databinding.CargandoBinding
